WIP: Add async call in retrying client (#333)
tarantool/cartridge-java: CHANGELOG.md

### Features
- Add `fields` option to ProxySpace for controlling the result tuple fields ([#236](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/pull/236))
- Parse metadata from crud response ([#272](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/pull/272))

> - Change sync realisation on async in retrying ([#299](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/pull/299))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not use sync calls instead of async in retrying ([#299](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/pull/299))
```

> - Do not use sync calls instead of async in retrying ([#299](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/pull/299))

Author: Fixed
